Add pivot for Server-rendering sample (#34611)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/security/blazor-web-app-with-oidc.md

  ```csharp
  oidcOptions.SignInScheme = CookieAuthenticationDefaults.AuthenticationScheme;
  ```

* Scopes for `openid` and `profile` (<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.Scope%2A>) (Optional): The `openid` and `profile` scopes are also configured by default because they're required for the OIDC handler to work, but these may need to be re-added if scopes are included in the `Authentication:Schemes:MicrosoftOidc:Scope` configuration. For general configuration guidance, see <xref:fundamentals/configuration/index> and <xref:blazor/fundamentals/configuration>.

  ```csharp
  oidcOptions.Scope.Add(OpenIdConnectScope.OpenIdProfile);
  ```

> * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.RemoteAuthenticationOptions.SaveTokens%2A>: Defines whether access and refresh tokens should be stored in the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties> after a successful authorization. This property is set to `false` to reduce the size of the final authentication cookie.
> 
>   ```csharp
>   oidcOptions.SaveTokens = false;
>   ```

Reviewer: We can only set `SaveTokens` to `false` if we aren't using the `CookieOidcRefresher` because we need the refresh token. It's set to `true` [here](https://github.com/dotnet/blazor-samples/blob/2bd49cd1282f30a0def4552c70a5ada7ba0c0fd7/9.0/BlazorWebAppOidcServer/CookieOidcServiceCollectionExtensions.cs#L22) in the server project, and the comment [here](https://github.com/dotnet/blazor-samples/blob/2bd49cd1282f30a0def4552c70a5ada7ba0c0fd7/9.0/BlazorWebAppOidcServer/Program.cs#L109-L112) explains more in depth why it's needed.

```suggestion
* <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.RemoteAuthenticationOptions.SaveTokens%2A>: Defines whether access and refresh tokens should be stored in the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties> after a successful authorization. This property is set to `true` so the refresh token gets stored for non-interactive token refresh.

  ```csharp
  oidcOptions.SaveTokens = true;
  ```
```

Author: @halter73 ... This appears in two other spots (for Auto BFF and Auto non-BFF). Should it also change in those spots?

Author: I guess you want it changed on those spots because the `CookieOidcRefresher` is in use in those spots as well.
